Hello everyone, I'm Nio.
I'm going to do something new.
In the summer, Japan, Korea, and the U.S.
I'm going to meet up with a new friend in the country.
I have a special 3-day vacation.
I'm going to meet with a new friend in the U.S.
I'm going to meet with a new friend from the U.S.
It is a small group discussion where you can come and go with a small number of people.
There are a lot of programs such as many games, activities, and night campfires that you can get along with your friends through the country.
And at the top is the best location to visit Fuji.
It is a 200-day meeting with God who is a little far from the normal life in a natural residential facility surrounded by nature.
It is not a camp that was still fun, but it is a time when new dreams begin to begin to come true.
From August 4th, 2026 to June 6th, this summer, we will not experience new things that God will begin with.
We are waiting for your participation.